TO DO
  (1) Look at how fast BE actually changes--focus on things I am measuring
    Chicago: Compare SSO from PHDCN to CCAHS; change in terms of own metrics
      This would let me model how different things predict those changes, though sample size may be small
      Can only do NC level due to IDs, between 0.46 (land use) and 0.71 (bars/liquor) correlation. Similar to CE.
    Chicago: Need some other panel-ish data
    Seattle: Weisburd data?
      At segment level, R  .68 (vacants), 0.87 mixed, and 0.98 (street lights) depending on year gap
  (2) Interactions: CE but also disadvantage. Disadvantage suggests offender production side, possibly targets while CE suggest guardianship side.
  (3) More BE indicators? Why not roll in a bunch of other shit


FOR DRAFT
  Gun and violent crime in high CE neighborhoods is more concentrated where there are abandoned buildings. Evenly distributed in low CE neighborhoods.

FROM KATE
  Keeping up with how theories use terms and concepts; hard to keep up with what is interchangeable.

DONE
Fix tract crosswalk for CCAHS using official crosswalk [DONE]
  Losing tract 810400, block 813 because in 1990 it is 813A and 813B
OOPS: Should include concentrated affluence. This might change all model results. Time to redo it all.
     DONE
Consider Imai mediation models; look at Imai (2011) DAGs
   Looks like mediation supports lme4; can probably convert everything from SEM to a series of hierarchical models with mediation tests.
     Advantage here is that I can use dharma on everything for diagnostics
   Looking deeper it is more problematic, particularly given the multiple mediators. Probably better to focus on proximate relationships.
Go back and due proper CE measurement models
   For longest time could not figure out why all this shit didn't match up. Turns out the CCAHS estimates are not adjusted for respondent characteristics.
   Now I just need to figure out why my estimates differ between the HLM and SEM models
     Estimates are quite close, will prob use HLM ones to mimic past work.
  Makes sure RESSTAB is not in models with the three factors for antecedents. Stability is already in there loaded on affluence and disadvantage
  Compare/contrast 1995 to 2001 results. May suggest issue is weakness in 2001.

Skogan (1990:1-2): Citizens in mixed-race neighborhood protesting liquor store and boarding house after complaints to city and police failed.

Can I get at permeability / free movement? Lot of old and recent work suggests mobility is important.
  e.g. Greenberg et al (1982) on border zones; MacDonald book on cul-de-sacs
  At very least need to consider streets--maybe speed limits too

Kapsis (1978): Anomie as related to sociopolitical linkages of community to the city.
  "The implication of Kapsis's (1978) work is that members of economically and racially isolated communities, that is, those who were least able to exercise political influence to obtain community services, were more likely than others to report high normlessness."

Fraser et al (2003): Suggests residents of poor neighborhoods have no influence over larger processes, or even processes in own neighborhood, while those in advantaged neighborhoods may have considerable influence over distant locations.

Measurement Models:
  Center all individual covariates so intercept is at sample mean

Interact CE with built environment stuff
  Ex: Bars in low-CE places may be more criminogenic

Capacity of bars, restaurants, etc.
  I can get capacities and locations from my restaurant inspection data!
  Might consider hours of operation?

Chicago has dry precincts--"Liquor Moratorium Districts" in open data

Consider pulling routine activities stuff from both surveys--isn't explicitly BE but is RAT

Maybe do time of day panels? Get at rhythm?

I don't have a CE measure in 1990--social capital is not predicting lower crime
  Well, it predicts victimization.

Use 1995 CE -> 2001 BE, but 2001 CE / BE -> Crime
  Mediator for lag of CE

Scheurman & Kobrin (1986) Crime -> land use shifts

Buirsik (1989): Political decisionmaking about public housing concentration may accelerate instability

What about looking at teens and vacants as mediators of soccap / causes of victimization?

Percentage of streets of different type by length
  e.g. are high CE neighborhoods mainly residential streets and residential streets have low crime opportunity?

"Pridemore & Grubesic (2012a) found that the effect of alcohol outlet density on assault incidents across Cincinnati block groups varied according to land use in the area. In this regard, they reported that the positive association between alcohol outlet density and assaults was stronger in block groups with more public housing and heavy industry and weaker in block groups with a higher proportion of single-family residences." from Wilcox & Cullen

Bolland & Moehle McCallum (2002) Neighboring and Community Mobilization in High-Poverty Inner-City Neighborhoods
  Possibility for political mobilization of the poor.

CHICAGO
  Chicago data is a proper two waves of CE--just need to add BE data
  CCAHS: Interesting measures on if you've had contact with local community officials. Includes police, reps, community dev. org director.
    Also has measures for participation in specific civic actions (e.g. V552)
  CCAHS has "how much" questions for vacants, litter, public drinking, unsupervised kids, and graffiti in addition to how much is it a problem in a couple cases.
  CCAHS has vicarious victimization measures (e.g. V547 for mugging)
  CCAHS has various levels of BE measures from SSO:
    Bar/cocktail lounge
    Liquor store
    Abandoned (not usable)
    Vacant but usable
    Vacant building
    Parking lots
    Land use
    Types of housing (e.g. high-rise, detached, duplex)
    Public housing, maybe? Public Apartments is type.
    Check cashing
    Banks
    Rec centers
    Pawn shops
    Drug store
    Grocers
    Convenience store
    Supermarket
    Fast-food
    Heavy street traffic
    "Commercial destination"
  CCAHS has interesting "reaction to SSO viewer" measures, like ignored, regarded with suspicion, friendly, queried about purpose, no one around
  PHDCN-CS indiv has actions taken to deal with problems; ability to tell strangers;
  PDHCN-CS has non-SSO BE measures:
    Alcohol/drug treatment
    Mental health center
    Youth center
  CPD data
    Locations includes abandoned buildings, bars, convenience stores, on street!
  Sandler Data
    Demolitions are all in between PHDCN and CCAHS, can do CE -> demos -> crime

TO DO:
  SEATTLE
    Check victimization measures for fuckery [Vict seems fine]
    Add time-invariant stuff from Weisburd data like street pop [Done]
    Figure out street light relationship
      Probably just endogeneity--you put lights where risk is high
      What causes risk?
    Weisburd stuff may not pan out that usefully
      Move to more recent, what do I have?
    Use city street grid to map point data on to more detailed street data (not just arterials vs. other)
  CHICAGO
    Pull BE stuff from CS-indiv, SSO, CCAHS, aggregate to NC, see if it pans out at that level
